# More on My Motivations for this Site

I've thought about getting better with social media.  I really have.  I've got a Twitter handle, a Facebook page.  I' semi-active on LinkedIn... I think I'm even on Instagram.

These platforms should be like a cool drink of water on a hot day for the part of me that longs for more meaningful connections with the people around me.  They aren't.

I don't blame the platforms for not quenching the thirst.  It's surely something about my own awkwardness, social ineptitude or shaky resolve that prevents me from effectively engaging online.

Perhaps this site will become my own personal rebuke to modern social media, or at least an attempt to give me a place to do online what is best for me.  That is, to create and share things not for the sake of generating views or growing my count of followers, but for the sake of having my own personal reference.... a reference that I can deliberately share with others if and when the time seems right... a reference that may be useful or moderately entertaining for anyone who happens upon it for reasons that I can't currently predict.

It does feel a bit freeing to think that there's no algorithm out there analyzing these words and calculating how they should rank among the feed of other content being generated by my peers and colleagues.  Freed of what though?  Of obligation to write what I feel like I *should* be writing instead of what I *want* to be writing?  Freed of the anxiety that something I put on these pages will be taken out of context or used to further the wrong agenda?

This content is out there, but it's not.  I'm not doing anything deliberate to maximize SEO.  I'm not cross-linking with the hopes of increasing my inbound traffic.  In fact, I don't even know if the major search engines out there could crawl the site if they tried to.

I journaled heavily when I got sober.  At least once daily, sometimes more.  Some days I would have to force myself to stop writing.  Maybe this content, these pages, are the next chapter in what at the time was a very helpful ritual.  But to what end?  

